>> Woodruff: MORE DETAILS ARE
EMERGING ABOUT JUST HOW DEEP
INTO THE WHITE HOUSE LAST WEEK'S
INTRUDER WAS ABLE TO GET, AND
TROUBLING WEAKNESSES IN THE
SECRET SERVICE'S PROTECTION OF
THE FIRST FAMILY'S HOME
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
GWEN IFILL IS AWAY.
ALSO AHEAD THIS MONDAY,
THOUSANDS OF PROTESTORS FILL THE
STREETS OF HONG KONG, DEFYING A
CRACKDOWN BY POLICE AND
DEMANDING MORE DEMOCRACY.
PRESIDENT OBAMA ACKNOWLEDGES THE
U.S. MISJUDGED THE THREAT POSED
BY THE ISLAMIC STATE GROUP AND
SPARKS DEBATE OVER WHAT TO DO
ABOUT THE MILITANT'S RISE.
PLUS, WE TRAVEL TO KENYA, FOR A
CLOSE-UP LOOK AT EFFORTS TO
PROTECT ONE OF THE WORLD'S MOST
MAJESTIC ANIMALS, FROM A
CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE DETERMINED
TO DESTROY IT.
>> THE POACHING SITUATION OF
ELEPHANTS IN AFRICA IS ACTUALLY
AT CRISIS LEVELS.
AT THIS RATE MOST OF OUR WILD
ELEPHANTS WILL BE GONE IN 10
YEARS.
>> Woodruff: THOSE ARE JUST SOME
OF THE STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.
>> Woodruff: THE PRESIDENT'S
REMARKS ABOUT THE THREAT POSED
BY THE TERRORIST GROUP KNOWN AS
THE ISLAMIC STATE PROMPTED PUSH-
BACK IN WASHINGTON TODAY.
AT THE SAME TIME, THE GROUP'S
WAR FOR DOMINANCE IN THE MIDDLE
EAST THREATENED TO SPILL OVER
ANOTHER BORDER.
>> Woodruff: TURKISH TANKS TOOK
UP POSITIONS ALONG THE BORDER
TODAY, OVERLOOKING THE BESIEGED
SYRIAN TOWN OF KOBANE, WHERE
ISLAMIC STATE FORCES ARE
BATTLING KURDISH FIGHTERS.
STRAY MORTAR SHELLS LANDED
INSIDE TURKEY, AS THOUSANDS OF
SYRIAN KURDS ESCAPED INTO THAT
COUNTRY.
>> ( translated ): WE FLED FROM
CRUELTY.
THE DOGS OF THE ISLAMIC STATE
WENT INTO OUR VILLAGE AND
DESTROYED OUR FARMING LANDS.
NOW WE CROSS TO TURKEY.
I HOPE TURKEY WILL ACCEPT US
OTHERWISE WE WILL SEEK SHELTER
FROM THE ARABS."
>> Woodruff: U.S. AIR-STRIKES
HIT ISLAMIC STATE POSITIONS NEAR
KOBANI OVER THE WEEKEND, AND
AGAIN OVERNIGHT.
>> Woodruff: AS FOR SYRIA,
FOREIGN MINISTER FUAD MUALLEM
TOLD THE U.N. GENERAL ASSEMBLY
TODAY THE ASSAD REGIME SUPPORTS
AIR-STRIKES AGAINST ISLAMIC
STATE AND OTHER MILITANTS.
>> ( translated ): WE BELIEVE
THAT PRIORITY SHOULD BE GIVEN TO
WORK ON THE CONCERTED EFFORTS OF
THE INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY TO
COMBAT THE TERRORISM OF ISIS AND
JABHAT AL NUSRA AND OTHER AL
QAEDA AFFILIATES.
THE AL-QAEDA-BACKED AL-NUSRA
FRONT HAS FOUGHT THE SYRIAN
GOVERNMENT AND BEEN AT ODDS WITH
ISLAMIC STATE SINCE IT BROKE
WITH AL-QAEDA LAST YEAR.
BUT NOW THAT BOTH FACTIONS ARE
BEING HIT BY AIR STRIKES, AL-
NUSRA'S LEADER WARNED ON SUNDAY
OF RETALIATION AGAINST WESTERN
TARGETS.
>> MUSLIMS WILL NOT STAND IDLY
BY AND WATCH MUSLIMS BE BOMBED
AND KILLED IN THEIR COUNTRIES,
WHILE YOU ARE SAFE IN YOUR
COUNTRIES.
THE PRICE OF WAR WILL NOT BE
PAID BY YOUR LEADERS ALONE.
YOU WILL PAY THE BIGGEST PRICE.
>> Woodruff: DESPITE SUCH
WARNINGS, THE WHITE HOUSE GAVE
NO SIGN TODAY OF EASING OFF THE
AIR CAMPAIGN.
>> Woodruff: WE'LL DELVE DEEPER
INTO WHAT U.S. INTELLIGENCE
KNEW, AND WHAT IT SHOULD HAVE
KNOWN, ABOUT THE ISLAMIC STATE
CHALLENGE, LATER IN THE PROGRAM.
AFGHANISTAN INAUGURATED A NEW
PRESIDENT TODAY, FOR THE FIRST
TIME IN A DECADE.
ASHRAF GHANI WILL HEAD THE NEW
POWER-SHARING GOVERNMENT,
SUCCEEDING HAMID KARZAI.
GHANI WAS SWORN IN AT A CEREMONY
IN KABUL.
HE, IN TURN, SWORE IN
PRESIDENTIAL RIVAL ABDULLAH
ABDULLAH AS HIS CHIEF EXECUTIVE.
GHANI ALSO MADE A NEW APPEAL FOR
PEACE.
>> ( translated ): FIGHTING IS
NOT THE SOLUTION TO THE
POLITICAL DIFFERENCES, WE PROVED
THAT POLITICAL DIFFERENCES CAN
BE SOLVED THROUGH POLITICAL
NEGOTIATIONS.
THEREFORE, I CALL UPON THE
OPPOSITIONS OF THE GOVERNMENT,
ESPECIALLY THE TALIBAN AND
OTHERS TO JOIN POLITICAL TALKS.
>> Woodruff: THE INAUGURATION
DAY CEREMONY WAS MARRED BY A
SUICIDE ATTACK IN KABUL MINUTES
BEFORE GHANI WAS SWORN IN.
IT LEFT SEVEN PEOPLE DEAD AND
BLEW OUT WINDOWS AT A CHECKPOINT
NEAR THE CITY'S AIRPORT.
SECURITY FORCES FLOODED THE
SCENE.
THE TALIBAN CLAIMED
RESPONSIBILITY.
NEW FIGHTING ERUPTED IN PART OF
EASTERN UKRAINE TODAY, AS REBELS
BACKED BY RUSSIA SHELLED
UKRAINIAN TROOPS AT DONETSK.
OFFICIALS SAID 12 PEOPLE WERE
KILLED, INCLUDING SEVEN
UKRAINIAN SOLDIERS, IN THE WORST
CEASE-FIRE VIOLATIONS IN MORE
THAN A WEEK.
MEANWHILE, RUSSIA WARNED IT WILL
RETALIATE IF THE EUROPEAN UNION
OR UKRAINE PUSHES AHEAD WITH A
FREE-TRADE AGREEMENT.
THE PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL
PAINTED ISLAMIC STATE AND THE
PALESTINIAN GROUP HAMAS TODAY AS
PART OF THE SAME THREAT TO
HUMANITY.
BENJAMIN NETANYAHU SPOKE TO THE
UNITED NATIONS GENERAL ASSEMBLY
AND CRITICIZED LEADERS WHO
PRAISE ATTACKS ON ISLAMIC STATE
FIGHTERS, BUT CONDEMN ISRAEL'S
WAR ON HAMAS IN GAZA.
HE CALLED THEM "BRANCHES OF THE
SAME POISONOUS TREE."